[footsteps pattering]
[CLARA] Whoosh, whoosh,
whoosh, rawr!
[singsongy] Ooh, I want
someone to play with me.
But who is that gonna be?
[NARRATOR] The netherworld.
The realm where all demons live.
And the monarch who rules is,
the Demon King.
However, the Demon King's throne
has sat empty for ages.
Only the most worthy
will inherit
this seat of sovereignty,
but who will it be?
[IRUMA AND CLARA]
"Iruma and Clara."
♪
[CLARA yells in distance]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-Wait.
There's something
going on in there.
-[thudding]
-[muffled screeching]
[CLARA] Rolling. Rolling!
[IRUMA] Huh? [gasps]
Um, are you okay?
Strike!
[laughs]
I'm Clara.
My right foot's Connor
and my left foot's Murf.
I have a familiar
that's named Falfal.
You wouldn't wanna eat
some candy, would ya?
When you see a big pile of stuff
in front of you,
don't you just wanna go kaboom?
Ooh, I'm gonna do it again,
just watch me.
It's gonna be great.
♪ If it's for Daddy ♪
♪ I'll skip to my Lou ♪
♪ And if it's for my Mommy ♪
♪ I'll pat-a-cake
and pat-a-cake ♪
Stop stacking those boxes now.
--[CLARA] ♪ I'll skip to my Lou ♪
--Clara Valac.
She's famous
for being a colossal weirdo.
She can be majorly clingy,
so people avoid her.
-[IRUMA] They do?
-I said, stop it immediately!
...a single one!
You're Iruma.
And you must be Asmodeus, right?
Iruma and Asmodeus?
You can handle this.
[BOTH gasp]
[laughs]
[IRUMA yells]
Off you go.
[CLARA] Whoa!
Oh, dear, you forgot
your textbooks.
[ASMODEUS] Iruma, sir.
Are you alright, master?
-[laughing]
-[IRUMA chuckles]
Iruma-kins. Azz-Azz.
What do you wanna play?
-Iruma-kins?
-Uh, Azz-Azz?
I've got tons of things.
A spiky ball. A nom-nom book.
A broken, bloody,
family murder house set.
[ASMODEUS] We should flee.
Huh? Oh, but...
[CLARA] Let's play murder house.
Iruma-kins, would you please be
the tree in our yard?
[IRUMA] "Please"?
[CLARA]
Please. Please. Please. Please.
[grunts sharply]
[NARRATOR] Iruma can't decline
a single request from anyone.
Remember, he's a total pushover.
Beautiful tree.
[ASMODEUS] Master, don't!
Now, would you pretend
you're a really strong wind,
pretty please?
[grunts sharply]
Please. Please.
Nice wind, ohh!
[IRUMA] Ooh-whee! [chuckling]
[ASMODEUS] Please stop it!
Now pretend to be
my pet demon dog,
if you'd please.
-[grunts sharply]
-Please. Please. Please.
Please. Please. Please.
[IRUMA barks, pants]
Good boy.
[ASMODEUS] Iruma, sir!
Azz-Azz, you'll be
the young housewife next door
that my husband
cheats on me with.
This is unacceptable!
How dare you make
Master Iruma a pet?
Let's play, Azz-Azz.
[gasps]
[ASMODEUS] Will you hurry up
and divorce him?
You are the worst wife ever!
I'm abandoning
the much older husband
I was forced to marry,
then I'll show your husband
some much needed euphoric bliss!
You're so gifted.
What a natural.
[CLARA] Hyah!
[ASMODEUS screams]
-Yay!
-Are you out of your mind?!
Stop this bloodbath
of a lovers' quarrel.
Huh? How is the dog
supposed to do that?
[laughing]
We need someone to be
the husband and cat.
[CLARA]
Connor and Murf can play them.
Here you go.
But, first, say hi.
Uh, how do you do? Ugh.
Azz-Azz, the husband's here.
Ooh, think of the secrets.
[CLARA giggles]
Now, now, young wife next door
cheating with my husband,
and you too, doggy.
You're done for the day.
Giddyap. Hyah.
-[laughs]
-You okay down there?
Perfectly fine!
Yay! Yay!
You're gonna regret this, Valac.
[laughing]
[IRUMA] Huh? [chuckles]
[screaming]
[CLARA laughing]
[ASMODEUS] Come on! Oh, no!
[IRUMA panting]
[gasps] Huh?
[IRUMA gasps]
[IRUMA]
I wonder what's in there.
[wind gusting]
[laughs] Goal!
-Oh, please.
-[ASMODEUS panting]
Clara, I just can't.
Two hours nonstop.
-[IRUMA groans]
[panting continues]
Hey. Up. Come on.
Here. I have snacks, too.
Oh, thanks a lot.
What is that?
[CLARA]
They're my family's specialty.
[SNAKE] Hiss, hiss...
I can make just about anything
I've seen before appear.
[IRUMA] Really? Cool.
Hey, Clarin. What's up?
[chuckles] Yocchin.
[YOCCHAN] Well, well, did you
acquire some more owners?
Uh-huh. [chuckles]
[IRUMA] Owners?
Whatever. Make with the drinks.
[giggles]
Here.
Thank you much.
-[BOTH laugh]
-Later.
-[BOYS] Later.
-[CLARA] Buh-bye!
Who were those guys?
Well, see,
when I do favors for them,
it makes them happy,
and then they
sometimes play with me.
Clarin, mind giving us
some snacks?
Sure.
Here.
[YOCCHAN] Rock on.
Okay, ready? Fetch!
[CLARA]
Woof. Woof, woof, woof, woof.
[laughing]
[YOCCHAN] We want popsicles.
Thanks a mil.
Time for hide-and-seek.
You're it, Clarin.
Count to 50,000.
-[CLARA] One, two, three...
-[BOYS laughing]
...20,159, 20,160, 20,161.
20,162, 20,163, 20,164.
That seems kinda...
[CLARA]
Oh, no. Don't you get it?
You two are the first ones
to actually play with me.
Anyway, so, uh...
Will you maybe
play with me again?
Sure.
[squeals in excitement]
Please, let's not, master.
We might catch her crazy.
Azz-Azz, you're alive again.
Wanna play with us?
Let's run a hellish demonathon.
You ready?
[IRUMA] Um, maybe it's best
we stop for the day?
[rooster crows]
-[cacophonous screeching]
-[IRUMA screams]
That thing's
gonna give me a heart attack!
See you later.
Bye, pumpkin.
Have a good day!
It would appear he's adjusting
to the school nicely.
[chuckles] Yes.
He's growing up so fast,
I'm just filled with joy.
[OPERA] Hmm.
[CLARA laughs] So high!
[IRUMA] Huh?
-[CLARA] Huh?
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm?
-[gasps, chuckles]
-[gasps]
No peeking!
Don't be shy, Azz-Azz.
What are you talking about?
-Stop that.
-[CLARA] It's okay.
-[ASMODEUS] No, it's not.
[ASMODEUS] I said, no, it's not.
[CLARA] It's okay.
[ASMODEUS] Get off!
Okay. One for you,
and one for you.
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm.
-[IRUMA] Uh...
-Uh, thank you.
-[gulping]
Hmm.
[CLARA] ♪ I'm a lucky girl ♪
♪ We'll have all the fun
in the world ♪
[scatting]
[BOY 1] That honor student
sure likes weirdos.
I mean, he's still
hanging out with her.
Why would he bother
with that crazy chick?
Duh, you guys, it's because
she's convenient to have around.
All you have to do is humor her
every once in a while,
so she'll use her powers
for you, and you're golden.
Know what I mean?
I'm sure he'll get sick of her
soon enough, too.
[in unison] You rock, Yocchan.
[laughter]
That's nothing new.
-[yells]
-[gasps, screams]
-Uh, yeah.
-[laughs] Clean hit.
Hey, know what?
This is my favorite snack.
And drink. And book.
And I even have a plushie.
I got almost everything here.
You can have them all.
I'll give you whatever you want,
Iruma-kins.
Go on, look.
So, uh, will you
play with me again?
-If you do I could give you--
-[IRUMA] I don't want them.
[groans questioningly]
[CLARA] This snack
is super yummy, have some.
Also I have drinks. Oh, wait--
[IRUMA] Sorry.
Look, Clara, I just...
[gasps, sobs]
-[crying]
-[gasps] Wait, what did I say?
[CLARA cries]
This always happens.
Everyone gets sick of me
and never wants to play again.
That's not it!
We've got our wires crossed.
You said you didn't want them.
Listen.
No, it's no use.
Everyone thinks I'm nuts,
so I have to give them things
so they'll play with me.
It's how I make up for it.
I don't need
any of those things.
They're not why
I was playing with you.
[gasping]
I did it because
I was having fun.
Don't you see?
-You really mean it?
-[gasps]
Yeah, really.
I mean, I already
took the stuff you gave me.
But, come on, you don't have
to bribe me to play.
I already enjoy it.
You do go
a bit overboard sometimes,
but I'm not that imaginative,
so maybe your being so fervent
is a good thing.
Well, what do you say?
Will you play with us again?
[sobbing]
Hmm.
Yeah! Wow!
No one's ever asked me
to play before!
This is the first time!
The first time!
It's the first time
someone's asked me to play!
What should I do, Iruma-kins?!
What should I do?
-Ooh, what should I do?
-[chuckles]
You know, I think
I could say the same thing.
-Seriously. What should I do?
-[BOYS] Huh?
-[CLARA laughing]
-[YOCCHAN] Hey, Clarin.
We're thirsty.
We could really use
another round over here.
Wait. Clara.
[gasps]
Just watch me.
Come on, step on it.
Three...
cold...
[gasps]
[screams]
[BOYS] Yo-Yocchan!
Just put some money in,
and it's all-you-can-drink.
Bye-bye.
[BOYS groaning]
Yeah, you definitely go
a little overboard.
[CLARA] Hmm?
[chuckles]
As you commanded,
I made certain the lot
that was tormenting Valac
promised to stay the hell away
and never to trouble her again.
Oh, thank you so much, Azz.
By the way, it was just
a conversation, right?
Quite a productive one.
-Ah, right.
-[screams]
That's a direct hit.
You get to be my canvas,
Azz-Azz,
'cause you're
dressed all in white.
[ASMODEUS grunts angrily]
Why, you...
Have some slime paint.
You can take the blue one.
Sorry, I can't.
I've got a terrible arm.
Master Iruma?!
[chuckles]
Okay, then if you lose,
you owe me a drink.
[yelling]
Pew! Pew-pew-pew-pew-pew!
-Pew-pew-pew-pew-pew!
-[IRUMA] Whoa!
Save yourself, master!
[ASMODEUS screaming]
[overlapping excited chatter]
[NARRATOR]
Thus, Iruma had acquired
a violently cheerful playmate,
who enhanced
his high school life.
So, what do you think
we should play today?!
♪
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Demon Friends."
-[CLARA] Morning, sunshine!
-[gasps]
-♪ Picking up, picking up... ♪
-Hello, master.
-A very good morning to you.
-♪ ...Iruma-kins ♪
[chuckles] Wow,
you're so full of energy today.
♪ ...Iruma-kins ♪
How wonderful.
My darling grandson has already
made two new friends.
Huh?!
-♪ Picking up Iruma-chi ♪
-[IRUMA] Uh, actually,
I'm not sure
if I'd call 'em friends.
We just sort of
play together and talk.
Pardon, but I thought that was
exactly what you call "friends"
in the human world.
How odd.
Was I mistaken?
Well, you see,
I have no idea how they feel.
And besides...
Is it even okay for humans
and demons to be friends?
[SULLIVAN] ♪ Hey, the faculty's
deciding on classes today ♪
♪ So I'm heading off to school ♪
♪ See you later ♪
[CLARA] Let's go together.
Let's go together!
[CLARA scatting]
Let us head
to the cafeteria, sir.
There are no plans today.
Uh, is that so?
Even thinking of them as
my friends kinda freaks me out.
I've never even been
in a situation
where I could
make friends before.
♪
I've gained
a little weight recently.
-I've actually lost some weight.
-Lucky you.
[IRUMA]
There's so much to choose from.
[CLARA] I'm getting
the Peek-a-boo lunch.
[IRUMA] It looks frightening,
but this netherworld food
is deceptively delicious.
[gasps]
What's that?
Oh, that's a ranking crest.
All of your performances
at Babyls are ranked,
and the food you're allowed
to order depends on
where those rankings fall.
Aah.
As of now, you and I
haven't even been ranked yet,
so those are the only things
we're permitted to order.
But there's barely anything!
Also, the school lunches
are free for us all,
and you can buy other items
at the school store.
Hey, uh, I'm not sure
what to get.
Would you help me decide?
Yes. I'll make
some random selections
and bring them over to you.
If there's anything
you don't like, we can share it.
Okay, thanks.
This seat is mine.
[IRUMA] "Share."
Just like a real friend.
Sorry for the wait, sir.
I had trouble deciding
what to get you--
[BOTH scream]
[ASMODEUS]
Did you bring everything?!
Well, someone ordered
50 servings.
Fifty servings, you say?
Such a lowbrow prank.
Master Iruma, please allow me
to dispose of these--
[ASMODEUS gasps]
[IRUMA] Friends. Friends.
[BOY 1] He sure can put it away.
[BOY 2] That's a ton of food.
What an impressive appetite.
But he's so tiny.
Yeah, that's hot.
Iruma sir?
Hmm? Oh, was I not supposed to?
Should I spit it back out?
Well, no, it's just
you seem to be awfully hungry.
-You think so?
-[chomping noisily]
I need to pack it
in while I still can.
-More please!
-[COOK grunting]
And seconds.
Even more!
[COOK groans]
No, the chef's down!
[BOY] He broke the chef.
That was magnificent.
[BOTH gasp]
[COME-COME] Take with you.
-Oopsie.
-[IRUMA] What in the world?
Yay, he played with me.
He does it whenever I come
to the school store.
I love him.
[COME-COME]
Not play. Threaten. Threaten!
You banned from store.
Power replicates what she sees.
Same as stealing.
Must beware this demon.
Shoplifters stabbed with spear!
[IRUMA] So violent.
[COME-COME]
Stabby, stab, stab, stab!
[BOY] Such violence.
[GIRL]
It's the honor student again.
-[KALEGO] Silence.
-[ALL gasp]
Honestly, I finally
come back to work,
and some fool is rash enough
to cause troub--
[BOTH gasp]
[grunts]
Hi, there, professor.
Are you feeling better, now?
How dare you ask
about my well-being?!
[NARRATOR] Naberius Kalego.
An instructor Iruma
made his familiar,
making Kalego despise him.
[KALEGO] Of course it had to be
the last person I wanted to see.
-Uh, about the other day--
-Don't care!
Listen well, Iruma.
I won't be your familiar.
Not now nor ever.
Don't get a big head
because you restrained me.
[IRUMA] Understood, sir.
What's all this rigmarole
about, anyway?
What fresh hell is this?
Hi, I'm Clara.
So I went kaboom
in the school store
and got in trouble,
but Azz-Azz gave me snacks.
You like chocolate, Eggie-teach?
I'll put some in your pocket.
[NARRATOR]
Obnoxious, plus brash.
plus spectacularly
inconsiderate,
equals the type of person
Kalego hates the most.
I'm leaving.
Wait, Eggie-teach.
Is it true
you're Iruma's familiar?
-[BOY] Seriously?
-[ALL gasp]
[KALEGO groans]
Wanna see. I wanna see.
-I wanna see you be summoned.
-Release me, urchin.
Iruma-kins, grab that sticker.
Huh? Oh.
Stick it on your hand.
-Now throw your hands up.
-Wait, no!
Don't, that'll turn me--
-[IRUMA] Ta-da.
-[KALEGO] Ohh!
[IRUMA gasps]
-[BOY] He really is a familiar.
-[GIRL] That's him?
That's a summoning sticker.
The mini size is 333 bills.
[IRUMA] I-I'm so sorry.
-So tiny! So cute!
-[KALEGO] Oh, forget it.
-Hey, clap your hands.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
You want me to clap a rhythm?
[KALEGO] It'll undo
the summoning, you dunce.
-Oh, let's see here.
-[COME-COME] Stab!
Punish shoplifting.
[ASMODEUS] Shoplifting?
Oh, right. This sticker
was merchandise.
[COME-COME] Capital punishment!
[KALEGO]
Wait! Undo the summoning first!
[groans]
[COME-COME]
Pay me or you're stuck here.
-[CLARA grunting]
-Man, that was totally scary.
Well, thank goodness
there was a decoy, then.
Uh, should we have left him?
Hey, hey. Want ice cream?!
These were on the ground,
so I picked them up.
[gasps] What?!
We have to pay for those,
you know.
But we can take care
of it later, I guess.
[CLARA]
Yay, we have three of 'em.
-Cheers everyone.
-[IRUMA AND ASMODEUS] Hmm?
Here's hoping that we all end up
in the same class.
[grunts] Oh, do they
announce that tomorrow?
Ha, it's unthinkable
that the master
and I would be separated.
And don't forget me.
Uh-huh. I hope we'll be in
the same class together, too.
Yes! I can't wait to spend
my education with you.
It'll be so fun!
Right, Iruma-kins?
[gasps]
Uh, would you...
[shudders] Well...
would the two of you
please be my friends?!
[gasps] Hmm?
[BOTH] Aw.
[IRUMA] Huh?! Did I blow it?
Pardon me, Iruma sir,
but what are these "friends"
you speak of?
Like mochi?
[IRUMA] What? You don't know?
Embarrassingly, no.
Ooey-gooey mochi?
[IRUMA] I see.
So demons have no idea
what the concept
of friendship is.
Tell me, right now.
What are these "friends"?
What are these ooey-gooey
mochi mochis?
Uh, well, they're...
Friends are people
you do cool stuff with
and tell things to
and eat meals with,
and they're really
important to you,
I think.
So that would make you
my friend number one,
and friend number two.
[CLARA] Sweet! I'm number one.
What?! Don't you undermine me.
It's patently obvious
I'm number one.
You're both number one.
Then I get to be
the special great one.
Okay, let's go pay
for that stuff, like we said.
-[CLARA] Yay!
-[IRUMA gasps]
Stop suffocating him, will you?!
[CLARA] No way.
[overlapping chatter]
-Iruma is not your plaything.
-[IRUMA sighs]
[IRUMA] There's still so much
I don't understand
about my life at Babyls,
and this world is still
full of doubts and surprises.
-[CLARA yells]
-But with these two,
I think I might be able
to enjoy my life at school
a little more.
I just hope
everything will stay peaceful.
[SULLIVAN] So, I assume
there are no objections
remaining after
this faculty meeting.
This officially concludes
the class assignments
for all the new students.
Valac, Asmodeus, and Iruma
will be joining the Misfit Class
for problem children.
That's the only acceptable
option for them, obviously.
Su... ki... ma.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
We're so sorry.
[ASMODEUS] Payment
for the summoning stickers
and ice cream.
[COME-COME] You just be
more careful next time.
[sighs] What a bad day.
Didn't even
get to finish my meal.
[IRUMA] Meal?
[COME-COME] That birdie...
Roasted.
[KALEGO screams]
But turned into a demon
halfway through and fled.
So close.
[IRUMA]
I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry!
[NARRATOR] The effects of
the familiar summoning stickers
wear off after a short time.
[inaudible]
[CLARA]
Rolling. Iruma-kins. Azz-Azz.
Let's have some fun.
What should we play?
How about Demon King? I know.
Let's see who can open
and close the lid
on the chitty chitty hell
the fastest.
We can't? Hmm.
Then let's play murder house
one more time. [chuckles]
Next on "Welcome to
Demon School! Iruma-kun:"
"The Misfit Class."
Yay! We're all
in the same class.
So many classmates.
Missy-missy,
fitty-fitty, rolling!
♪